Approximately how much money have you spent on machine learning and/or cloud computing products at your work in the past 5 years?| Approximately how much money have you (or your team) spent on machine learning and/or cloud computing services at home (or at work) in the past 5 years (approximate $USD)?
Do you use any automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Automation of full ML pipelines (e.g. Google AutoML, H2O Driverless AI)| Do you use any automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Automation of full ML pipelines (e.g. Google AutoML, H20 Driverless AI)
Do you use any of the following cloud computing products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) | Do you use any of the following cloud computing products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon EC2 
In the next 2 years, do you hope to become more familiar with any of these specific cloud computing products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) | In the next 2 years, do you hope to become more familiar with any of these specific cloud computing products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon EC2 
What data visualization libraries or tools do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  D3.js | What data visualization libraries or tools do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  D3 js 
Which categories of automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) do you hope to become more familiar with in the next 2 years?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Automation of full ML pipelines (e.g. Google Cloud AutoML, H2O Driverless AI)| Which categories of automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) do you hope to become more familiar with in the next 2 years?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Automation of full ML pipelines (e.g. Google Cloud AutoML, H20 Driverless AI)
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Transformer Networks (BERT, gpt-3, etc)| Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Transformer Networks (BERT, gpt-2, etc)
Which of the following automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  H2O Driverless AI  | Which of the following automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  H20 Driverless AI  
Which of the following big data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar) do you hope to become more familiar with in the next 2 years? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - PostgreSQL | Which of the following big data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar) do you hope to become more familiar with in the next 2 years? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - PostgresSQL 
Which of the following big data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar) do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - PostgreSQL | Which of the following big data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar) do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - PostgresSQL 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  IBM Cloud / Red Hat | Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  IBM Cloud 
Which of the following hosted notebook products do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Sagemaker Studio Notebooks | Which of the following hosted notebook products do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Sagemaker Studio 
Which of the following hosted notebook products do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Kaggle Notebooks (Kernels) | Which of the following hosted notebook products do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Kaggle Notebooks
Which of the following hosted notebook products do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Google Cloud Datalab Notebooks| Which of the following hosted notebook products do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Google Cloud Datalab
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Visual Studio / Visual Studio Code | Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Visual Studio 
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Visual Studio / Visual Studio Code | Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Visual Studio / Visual Studio Code 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  PyTorch Lightning | Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  PyTorch 
Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Transformer language models (GPT-3, BERT, XLnet, etc)| Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Transformer language models (GPT-2, BERT, XLnet, etc)
Which specific automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) do you hope to become more familiar with in the next 2 years?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  H2O Driverless AI  | Which specific automated machine learning tools (or partial AutoML tools) do you hope to become more familiar with in the next 2 years?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  H20 Driverless AI  
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Blogs (Towards Data Science, Medium, Analytics Vidhya, KDnuggets etc)| Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Blogs (Towards Data Science, Analytics Vidhya, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Course Forums (forums.fast.ai, etc)| Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Course Forums (forums.fast.ai, Coursera forums, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Kaggle (notebooks, forums, etc)| Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Kaggle (forums, blog, social media, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Podcasts (Chai Time Data Science, O’Reilly Data Show, etc)| Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Podcasts (Chai Time Data Science, Linear Digressions, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Reddit (r/machinelearning, r/datascience, etc)| Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Reddit (r/machinelearning, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - YouTube (Kaggle YouTube, Cloud AI Adventures, etc)| Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - YouTube (Cloud AI Adventures, Siraj Raval, etc)
For how many years have you been writing code and/or programming?| How long have you been writing code to analyze data (at work or at school)?